Update readme (#6)
DevExpress-Examples/xaf-win-custom-action-with-custom-action-control: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E1977)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/💬_Leave_Feedback-feecdd?style=flat-square)](#does-this-example-address-your-development-requirementsobjectives)
<!-- default badges end -->

# XAF WinForms - Create a custom action type and a custom associated control (BarCheckItem)

This example implements a custom action and uses the WinForms [BarCheckItem](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraBars.BarCheckItem) as a custom action control.

![CustomActionEF Win_FWqpdDPuHf](https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/XAF_how-to-create-a-custom-action-type-with-a-custom-control-barcheckitem-associated-with-it-e1977/assets/14300209/3658a524-a118-486a-898c-a83131b57485)

## Implementation Details

> 1. The [CheckableSimpleAction](CS/EFCore/CustomActionEF/CustomActionEF.Module/CheckableSimpleAction.cs) in a SimpleAction descendant that saves the checked state of the action. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The [CheckableSimpleAction](CS/EFCore/CustomActionEF/CustomActionEF.Module/CheckableSimpleAction.cs) in a SimpleAction descendant that saves the action's checked state. 
```
